Wilfrid adventures/episode-01/by Rahul daniel
[A police from NYPD goes to a school to introgate Wilfrid who has seen the accident happend on the road that morning]
    --------------{AND THE CONVERSATION STARTS}-------------

Police - We are from NYPD,could you please call Wilfrid. 
Principal - sure sir,but  can you pease expain me why?
Police - Your bus driver (no-2) said that the accident was keenly observed by Wilfrid this 
              morning.
                            [Principle calls Wilfrid to the cabbin]
Principal - (mumbles in Wilfrid's ears) Answer the questions strightly.
                            [Police takes Wilfrid to another cabin]
Police - Fine kid, it was known that you have seen the accident happend today right?
Wilfrid - Who are you?
Police - I'm Alex summers from NYPD, now i'll ask you questions regarding the accident 
             happend today, because the victim was dead.
Wilfrid - Yeah i've seen it ,it it's just happend in front of me !!
Police - Fine shall we start ?
Wifrid - yes sir !
Police - Can you tell me exact time the accident happend ?      
Wifirid - Sir it's around 8 and 9 am. And it just happend in front of me !
Police - I'm asking you the exact time .
Wilfrid - Sorry sir, i didn't notice the time on the watch of that victim ,his watch was coverd 
             at that time,but the accident happend just frount of me .
Police - Oh kid common, i've asked you the general time can't you guess it ?
Wilfrid - Sir i didn't notice the time on the tresspassers watches, but the accident hapend 
              just in front of me
Police - Don't say it again, i know you are the only person who have seen it.
Wilfrid - But sir the accident happend in frount of me ! 
Police - Stop it kid, not you every knows that the accident happend in front of you !! 
Wilfrid  - Ok sir !.
Police - Do you have a watch at the time of accident happend ??
Wilfrid - No sir, but i have it now. 
Police - No one in the world needs it now!(furiously) why dont you say it first !!!!!!!!!   
                         [Police cools down and skips the question ]
Police - Could you tell the average speed of the vehicle ?
Wilfrid - Sir didnt notice the speedometre of the vehicle.
Police - Man!! (angrily) i'm telling you to guess it, cant you guess it.
Wilfrid - sir, speed is 2kmph
Police - (Scratching his head)!! (slowly) How the hell an accident happens at 2kmph ??
Wilfrid - Exactly sir,nothing happend to me right !
Police - God damn it !!!(furiosly) I didnt ask your speed man!! I asked the speed of the 
              vehicle!!
Wilfrid - Sorry sir ,i didnt see the speedometre of the vehicle .
                         [Police gets hesitated and decides to skip the questions]
Police - Did you see any one else watching this accident ?? I've to introgate them too.
Wilfrid - yes sir, i've seen!
Police - who was that ??!! (anxietly)
Wilfrid - The victim sir ,the person on the vehicle.
Police - (slowly)!!Look Wilfrid! I've a lot of work to do today !! I've denied them because 
             i've the damn job of introgating you. 
                              [Police getting angry and  stood up saying] 
               And you damn kid ,giving stupid answers ,look at me!!, The person on the vehicle
               was dead and you too know that !! HOW THE HELL CAN I INTROGATE HIM ??!!!
                                  [Police again skips the questions]
Police - Well now!! Try to remeber the incident
Wilfrid - I've rememberd sir. 
Police - what's that??
Wilfrid  - I've seen a accident and it happend right in front of me!!
Police - (annoyingly)!! I know that ! not me every one in the city knows this stupid thing
             tell me something which is real and truely happend at that accident
              I've been introgating you since 1 hour! and what the hell information did i get from
               you ,,nothing nothing but  angry (mumbels himself) damn kid!!
Wilfrid - Sir !!(anxietly)
Police - What's that shit ,again you are trying to tell me ! 
Wilfrid - I was crossing the road at the time of accident
Police - I don't want to hear what the hell you are doing there noticeing nothing!
Police - Ok finally tell me what do you know about the incident!
Wilfrid - Sir i know each and every thing !!
Police - Mad kid ever(mumbels himself) How do you thing the whole thing happend ??
Wilfrid - Sir, the whole  thing happend on the road
Police - I didnt asked you how not where.  What in the world makes you to give these kinda 
             answers 
Police  - Fine, atleast say what the hell you are doing at that time 
Wilfrid  - Sir, i was crossing the road
Police -  Finally a answer !! Good, waht made the vehicle  crash ??
Wilfrid - Sir , i've noticed that he applied the sudden break and the vehicle crashed
Wilfrid -I also rememberd that he appied the break just beside the zebra crossing ??
             And the accident happend just right in frount of me !!!
Police -  Wait a minute !!,(Astonishingly) Did you cross the road on the zebra crossing!!??
Wilfrid - No sir (simply)
[Police imediately falls on the table and remembers why that kid repeatedly said                       
     SIR THE ACCIDENT HAPPEND JUST RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME]
